sortigoza/feat: adds pagerduty action params (#84)
splunk/terraform-provider-splunk: docs/resources/saved_searches.md

* `action_email_use_ssl` - (Optional) Indicates whether to use SSL when communicating with the SMTP server. Defaults to false.
* `action_email_use_tls` - (Optional) Indicates whether to use TLS (transport layer security) when communicating with the SMTP server (starttls).Defaults to false.
* `action_email_width_sort_columns` - (Optional) Indicates whether columns should be sorted from least wide to most wide, left to right.Only valid if format=text.

> * `action_pagerduty_integration_url` - (Optional) The pagerduty integration token.

Author: ```suggestion
* `action_pagerduty_integration_url` - (Optional) The pagerduty integration URL. This integration uses Splunk's native webhooks to send events to PagerDuty.
```

> * `action_pagerduty_integration_url_override` - (Optional) The pagerduty integration token override.

Author: ```suggestion
* `action_pagerduty_integration_url_override` - (Optional) The pagerduty integration URL override. This integration uses Splunk's native webhooks to send events to PagerDuty.
```
